(#2) Adds Initial Examples (#3)
chocolatey/ccm-deployment-examples: deployments/installing-a-package-with-params/README.md

> # Installing a Package with Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Installing a Package With Package Parameters
```

## Purpose

> This package is an example of deploying a package using an advanced deployment step, in this case to provide a package parameter during deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Deployment Plan is an example of deploying a package using an advanced Deployment Step, in this case to provide a package parameter during deployment.
```

> This Deployment Plan is an example of deploying a package using an advanced Deployment Step, in this case to provide a package parameter during deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Deployment Plan is an example of deploying a package using an Advanced Deployment Step, in this case to provide a package parameter during deployment.
```

The example passes the `/InstallDir` parameter to the `python312` package, causing the package to be installed to the location provided.

https://github.com/chocolatey/ccm-deployment-examples/blob/b79340df0363be0fcda3192828cef96095320d3d/deployments/installing-a-package-with-params/Deployment.json#L1-L22

> We use the advanced step to do this because the basic deployment currently has no supported method to pass package parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the Advanced Deployment Step to do this because the Basic Deployment Step does not allow package parameters to be used.
```

## Usage

> The only deployment step contained installs the `python312` package ([available on the Chocolatey Community Repository](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/python312)) if it's not already present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Deployment Step installs the `python312` package ([available on the Chocolatey Community Repository](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/python312)) if it's not already present.
```

> Assuming this package was available on your sources (and you were happy with the install location), you will only need to set the target groups for the deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure the package is available on a configure source and set the Target Groups for the Deployment Step.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Ensure the package is available on a configured source and set the Target Groups for the Deployment Step.
```

### Setting the Target Group

You will need to set a target group for the deployment. 

> To do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to set a Target Group for the Deployment Step:
```

> - Mouse-over the deployment step and click the `Edit` button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mouse-over the Deployment Step and click the `Edit` button.
```

    ![Editing a Deployment Step](/images/EditDeploymentStep.jpg)

- Navigate to the `Select Target Groups` panel

- Highlight your preferred groups and click the `>` button to move them into `Selected Groups`
    ![Selecting Target Groups](/images/SelectingTargetGroups.jpg)

> - Click `Save`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the `Select Target Groups` panel.

- Highlight your preferred groups and click the `>` button to move them into `Selected Groups`.
    ![Selecting Target Groups](/images/SelectingTargetGroups.jpg)

- Click `Save`.
```

> You are now ready to [move your deployment to Ready and run it](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/central-management/usage/website/deployments#move-to-ready).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are now ready to [move your Deployment Plan to Ready and run it](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/central-management/usage/website/deployments#move-to-ready).
```
